Ahora, ya que te viste el video anterior
como mínimo dos veces hasta que puedas
entender lo que se está diciendo Lo que
vamos a hacer es que tú vas a hacerlo
conmigo ¿Listo?
Ahora lo vamos a hacer juntos Yo voy a
preguntar y tú vas a responder
Yo te voy a dar un tiempo para que
respondas Yo pregunto, te doy un tiempo
para que respondas Y si tú necesitas más
tiempo, simplemente pausa el video Así
que tenlo presente, eso es lo que vamos a
hacer en este momento Hey, what's up?
I'm doing awesome, tell me, tell me a
little bit about yourself Can you
introduce yourself?
How would you describe your personality?
Do you come from a big family?
Do you think first impressions matter?
Well, they do What's something you'd
recommend to someone meeting your family?
What would you do to make someone feel
comfortable meeting new people?
Do you think family traditions are important?
Do you believe everyone in a family has
to think alike?
What's your idea about family?
How would you describe your relationship
with your siblings?
Do you keep any childhood items?
Do you believe in learning from mistakes?
Have you ever planned something and had
it fall through?
Where were you raised?
Were you always confident growing up?
Ever been caught off guard by someone's expectation?
How do you deal with bad weather?
How do you make difficult tasks more manageable?
Do you think you're good at explaining things?
What's one thing you're curious about
right now?
How do you handle misunderstandings?
What advice would you give to someone
who's hesitant about making changes?
What's something you'd like to achieve soon?
How do you think people hesitate about
trying new things?
What do you focus on when you're busy?
How are you pursuing this hobby?
How do you politely move through a
crowded space?
Have you tried solving this type of
issues before?
Do you visit the same vacation spot often?
Do you ever skip taking a shower?
Do you enjoy childhood activities?
Do you think everyone values family the
same way?
Name a food you like?
Do you usually agree with your friends' opinions?
Do you find it hard to express disagreement?
Do you think it's okay to ask for help?
Do you listen more than you talk?
Do you find any topics hard to understand?
When you say that you value connection,
what do you mean?
What do you do when faced with setbacks?
When did you last visit your hometown?
What's the first thing you'd like us to
know about you?
Do you easily believe what others tell you?
Do you think you'll succeed in your next goal?
What do you want me to do?
Do you want me to do it?